chore: enhance KMS AWS based recovery (#30)
zama-ai/kms: docs/guides/core_client.md

Upon success, both the command to request to generate a CRS _and_ the command to fetch the result, will save the CRS produced by the core in the `object_folder` given in the configuration file.

#### Backup restoring

If a backup vault is specified in the in the server configuration toml file, then all non-volatile private key material (i.e. what is stored in the private vault) is backed up to this location. This also means that it is possible to restore this content in case access to the private vault is lost, or that the private vault needs to be moved.
This is done through the backup recovery command:

```{bash}
$ cargo run -- -f <path-to-toml-config-file> custodian-backup-restore
```

Note that this operation will copy the content from the backup vault to the private vault. In case any of the backed up content already exists in the private vault, then the request will fail.
After a restoring you *must* reboot the KMS server before the restored data can be used. 

> This can be used to move private information from one node to another. More specifically; by constructing a temporary backup vault shared between the old and new node will ensure the relevant private information gets placed in the vault. Then we the new node wish to take over, they use the backup restoring command to move the private information into their own private storage. Afterwards they can construct a new, private, backup vault and the shared backup vault can be destroyed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used to move private information from one node to another. More specifically; by constructing a temporary backup vault shared between the old and new node will ensure the relevant private information gets placed in the vault. Then when the new node wishes to take over, they use the backup restoring command to move the private information into their own private storage. Afterwards they can construct a new, private, backup vault and the shared backup vault can be destroyed. 
```

Reviewer: there should be a reencrypt option for AWS KMS. so that the new operator can reencrypt private data from the shared AWS KMS key to a fresh AWS KMS key. There's no need to construct a new backup vault

Author: Is this what you discussed with Pierre? If this is possible then I think we can just close this PR and delete the code Nikita wrote... 
My understanding from previous discussions was that it was not directly possible and hence why all the work on allowing exporting data

Reviewer: I don't know if it's 100% confirmed.

But anyway I think this PR is needed because it allows the user to transfer what's in their private storage into backup storage right? Because in the current testnet nothing is backed up, your PR is needed to retrospectively backup the private storage.
